Fixes mentions of `contrib` and replaces with `main` (#7066)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/tutorials/creating-a-property-editor/adding-server-side-validation.md

We can control how property data is indexed by overriding the `PropertyIndexValueFactory` property of the `DataEditor` base class.

> The [Tags Property Editor](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/blob/main/src/Umbraco.Infrastructure/PropertyEditors/TagsPropertyEditor.cs) contains an example of how this is done. The Property Editor stores a CSV value, which is split and indexes as individual tags for search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Tags Property Editor](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/blob/main/src/Umbraco.Infrastructure/PropertyEditors/TagsPropertyEditor.cs) contains an example of how this is done. The Property Editor stores a Comma-Separated Value (CSV) value, which is split and indexed as individual tags for search.
```
